hi everyone so today all a few days ago
I got a request on what I do to my hair
and my basic hair routine um honestly I
don't do much to my hair at all like
this is what it looks like I don't know
if you yeah you seen in my videos and
blah blah but I don't do anything um I
don't I don't blow dry it I don't put
product in it I don't yeah I don't do
much I don't put any part in it i don't
i don't do I don't even comb it because
I'm lazy there's an is really lazy about
hair like I wake up in the morning I
wash it I condition it yeah I do
condition it but I don't put anything
else in it because I can't stand just
like standing there with a hair dryer
and like blowing my hair dry because it
just it's hot air and it takes so long
only one I really have to do that I will
blow dry it but yeah I don't know if
that contributes to my hair i guess but
i will suggest some shampoo and
conditioner because those are actually
important to my hair um for example the
ones that I don't like our Pantene and
horrible essences for me Herbal Essences
are I mean they're really they smell
really really did like don't get me
wrong he smells so good and that's why I
bought it once but when i use it um i
left my hair really like it wasn't full
it wasn't like you know as usual and
stuff so i stopped using it because to
me it just the only thing that it did
for me was make my hair smoke it and
that was it so um I stopped using it as
for Pantene same thing I didn't like it
what it did to my hair it kind of made
it flat and I just didn't like it and
then um so now I mean I'd be using
sunsilk for a long time so now use some
silk and this is and I mean I be used
there's so many kinds of sunsilk
shampoos there's like the pink one
there's a orange yellow all purple which
is a like straight and silky all kinds
of stuff and this together was $11 so I
didn't care what
color I got or anything or what it did
to my like what it was supposed to do
this is clean and fresh smells really
good it's with lime nutrient energizers
and the one I usually use as a pink one
I things like soft and silky or
something and this is in soft and smooth
this is with almond extract and it turns
rough dry hair too soft smooth hair with
almond oil energizers and I really
actually like it a lot because it I
don't you see my hair is really full
right and it's a lot like still geared
more silkier silkier than with any other
kind of product so yeah that's what i
use sunsilk and conditioners and
shampoos because those work for me I
don't know what works for your hair
panting the herbal essences might work
perfectly for your hair because we're
all different but those work for mine
and I tried agents shampoo before and
that really helped too but it's pricey
so I stopped using it and i've used
clear i'm in singapore their brand clear
I don't like that shampoo because like
my friend used it the mint one it makes
you really refreshed and stuff but I
really didn't like it because um um I
don't know I just made my hair really
clean and it just find it sort of and I
didn't like it I just didn't make it
look silky I just made it to clean I
think well it is called clear so so yeah
so that's the shampoo that I don't
really like so dislikes is panting
herbal essences and clear likes is
agents and sunsilk and I don't know if
those are available in the United States
of America it is available in Singapore
and most of Asian countries so flea that
was helpful for you this is a reply to a
request by the way and also I've also
tried sunsilk leaving conditioners and
they do help but they kind of make my
hair kind of oily after so I stopped
using those um and then besides that
I've used elseif hair masks before but
they didn't make a difference for me
and I have curled it I have permed my
hair before I have styled my hair before
and yeah I that's why i totally
recommend sunsilk because i don't even
comb my hair and it's like this and it's
tangle free basically so yeah hopefully
those hope for you go get some selling
silk now bye bye